a proclamation that George Floyd could
have been one of his
employees and as a consequence he wanted
to stand beside the family in the
community. We didn't ask Target to make
a promise to black people. They did it
out of their own will and out of their
own valition. In 2020, Target was the
one who came to us and said that they
were going to spend $2 billion with
blackowned businesses by
2025. To be clear, we didn't ask them to
do it. They volunteered.
It was Target who said that they pledged
to support black nonprofit organizations
and to fund scholarships for black
students to the tune of $100
million. We didn't ask Target to do it.
Target said they wanted to do it. And it
was Target who said that they were going
to increase black representation within
their workforce. According to a CNBC
report, Target promised to increase
black representation in their workforce
by
20%. And according to Forbes magazine,
they pledged to give $10 million to
social justice causes. And thus far,
they've walked away from all of it. So,
let's be very clear. I want you to
understand, Target board, CEO and staff,
that opening a store in the black
community is not an investment in black
communities. Opening a store in the
black community is just another
opportunity for you to make money.
Nobody in America spends more money than
black people to our own detriment. I do
not say that with a badge of honor or
with pride. But we are the nation's lead
consumers and embarrassingly lease
producers. We are the engine that moves
the infrastructure of the consumer
economy in America. If they want to sell
anything, they've got to put a black
person. They need financial
literacy. We need financial
empowerment. Our
issue is not not knowing how to balance
a checkbook. We need to know how to have
access to capital. We need to know how
to finance our homes and how to get
businesses off the ground. Something is
amazingly out of order when black people
can always without fail get a loan to
get a used car but cannot get a loan to
build a new
house because of what is going on in
America. During the summer of 2020 when
George Floyd was murdered in Minneapolis
by a white police officer, Target
claimed to have seen the light. But now,
five years later, there seems to be a
lunar
eclipse. And the insulting part is that
they want to put all of us in Ray-B band
sunglasses. They expected nobody to care
about breaking the promise to black
people because America is used to doing
that. They said they won't mind. They
are just accustomed to the trauma of
broken promises. We promised 40 acres in
a mule and we gave them section 8
housing and a bus
pass. We promised if they would fight
for democracy and fight in our wars that
they could come back home and find
themselves treated with decency. and
your fathers and brothers and uncles
still could not take advantage of the GI
Bill because in their minds respecting
black people is not something America
ever has to do. In their minds,
respecting the black community is not a
matter of financial life or death.
Apparently, somebody in Washington told
them that it is all right to disrespect
black
people, but you can always find payday
loaning 61 to1, meaning that CEO pay was
61 times greater to one. In 2024, it was
to1. The target CEO makes
719 times
I want you to wrap your mind around
that. Costco, who's better, Reverend,
you know, send them to Costos. 262 to1.
It ain't great, but it's better. Now, in
the fiscal year 2024, Target CEO Brian
Cornell received a total compensation of
over $19 million. This included a base
salary of $1.4 million. He had of 14.7
million in stock awards and 3.1 million
in other compensation. 719 times the
medium employee pay of a little over
$26,000. We can't play these games with
these people. And it is immoral. It is
righteous that we are in the house of
the Lord talking about how black people
organized from the get-go was in the
Christian
church. Target don't love us. And Target
got to be made an example of because as
Dr. Brian laid out, he the one that made
the promise. So now you can't promise me
the Mercedes and the
house and then I come find out my name
ain't on the on on the
D. You can't promise me the Mercedes and
then it's depreciating every single day.
And as T and I said, you can't love me
at night and won't take me out in the
day. Hello.
That's turkey. They they played they
they they played on our sympathies when
this CEO came out and said that George
Floyd could have been one of his
employees. Now, he was telling the truth
at the time, but what I want to know
from the CEO of Target, what changed
from 2020 to 2025? Don't bend the
bigotry. And that is exactly what he
did. That is what so many of these
people did. But I want the black
community to know tonight as I center
you. And those who are aligned with us
that when we move, the whole nation
moves. When we move, we are the moral
consciousness of this nation. When we
move, they move. So we got to
move. And we cannot must not forget the
workers at Target. We have to
collectively figure out a way because
see what's going to happen as their
market share continues to go down. If
they as they continue to be indicted in
the world of of the public, the next
thing this dude gonna come say is he
gonna lay off some employees. They
already took their bonuses. See, we got
to be a step ahead of him. What I want
to know is how when he going to give up
1719 times the pay that he makes. There
is purchase in our power. And all of
these other corporations, they shaking
in their boots because they know we
coming for you next.
That's right.
Ron, I'm going to come to you for this
one. Senator Turner said
something quite compelling about how
America never wanted us to really be
equal, right? And there's this thing
about a corporation loving us, but
corporations aren't built to love. They
are transactional.
But we can make them respect
us. When you deal with black businesses,
this is your job all across this nation
and also outside of the nation at
times. What is the
greatest dynamic, the building block?
What is the it factor? Because I agree
we have to do a realignment here. It has
to be a realignment. If we withdraw that
means we got some money to spend. We
need to spend it with
somebody. Talk to us about that. Great
question and thank you Jamal for having
us. Thank you audience as well watching.
conversation has really been about
what's happening not just to the
employees but also to the black business
owners that had their products in Target
and understand that we were sensitive to
those concerns. So the US Black Chamber
under the leadership of Ron Busby went
to those businesses and said you're
losing a lot of money by having your
products in Target. We can go direct to
your websites. We can go direct to your
stores. We can go direct as consumers to
your businesses and make you a better
business
owner. Many of our businesses now are on
a platform that we across the country
can support. When asked generally in
America, more than 80% of Americans
think that DE and is good. More than 70%
of Americans say if the products were
the same, a black product and a white
product under this climate, they would
continue to support black products. We
as black consumers have to hear that.
We've got to be able to support our own.
We talk a lot about the trillions of
dollars, the trillions of dollars that
black businesses uh can market to black
people. The majority of that leaves our
communities. And we've been talking
about that for
decades. But this movement has allowed
us to now talk about how do we keep that
dollar in our community to ensure that
our communities and our businesses and
our families have the structure and the
long-term sustainability. So what you
have now seen is that people that are
under the age of 40 years old that are
black and or white are saying at least
once a week I'm looking for black
products. At least once a
week. If you're black and under
35, they're looking to spend with black
businesses daily.
We've got to make sure that they can be
found. And so that's why I was so happy
to partner with this fast and this
boycott to make sure that it's not just
what are we doing about Target because
it was never our interest about Target.
I never wanted to say well Target is bad
and somebody else is good. I'm always
saying buy black. I don't care where you
go. Make sure that we are being
intentional about who we're spending our
money with.
Make sure that they look like you
because 70% of black businesses hire
black people. They live in our
communities. Their children go to the
same schools that you go to. When our
kids are playing softball and they're
looking for somebody to donate money,
we're going to those black franchise
owners. We're going to those black
business owners and saying, "Hey, my son
needs some new uniforms. Hey, my
daughter is about to go to college. Can
you make a donation? We've got to now
make sure that those businesses have the
resources and our dollars to make sure
that they can continue to survive. This
is going to be a difficult time for all
businesses, but particularly for
blackowned businesses, but it doesn't
have to be that way. We can change the
future of black businesses tonight.
When we leave here, we should not be
talking about what do we do
next? Everyone in this room has a phone
and everyone in this room has access to
blackowned businesses and black events
and opportunities and nonprofits. The
federal government has really gutted
many of the programs, technical
assistances, loans, grants. So you will
have now churches and nonprofits and
chambers of commerce that have to step
in. That means that we've got to support
those organizations that are supporting
those businesses to make sure that they
can support you. I'm really excited
about the
bullseye. That's a great program, but
many of us don't live in those
communities, but in every community
across the country, there are blackowned
businesses. And we've got to make sure
that you can support them. Take this
down. by YB
Blac us. That is a digital directory of
over 150,000 blackowned businesses that
you can support
today. You don't have to worry about
what Target is going to do in the
future. we can continue to support our
own and make sure that whatever Target
says, whatever Walmart says, whatever
any of these companies say, we've got
the businesses and the consumers to make
sure that we have sustainability.
B Y B L A C K
US. We can't spend our way out of
this, but we can support each other to
make sure that we get through
this. And that's where you can find it.
Well said.
So you're saying it's a paradigm shift,
a mind shift. Start thinking different.
Now that part and I'm going to come to
you, doc. It's a mind thing. It's how we
think about something, right? Understand
the
context. Understand how it
happened. When we did not have equal
rights by
law, we had our great
leaders like yourself and others
march, create policy, run for office,
vote, became leaders, donated money,
all for the purpose of
creating that equitable outcome. But
here's what happened. A trick
happened. The
individuals who we were working with to
integrate were the same individuals who
never wanted us to integrate in the
first place. But they were in charge of
everything. So integration never
happened. They wanted assimilation.
They wanted you to assimilate to their
culture and forget about your own. So in
order to do that, in order for you to be
equal, you had to stop going to the
blackowned
store and go to the one that white
people can go to because that was the
measure of equality.
In order to be
equal, you had to sit where white people
sat. I'm not bashing anybody. I'm just
trying to make a point because that
created a Say it again. Come on. It
created a
mindset. It created a mindset. And that
mindset is so
powerful
that it
becomes a spell. It
seems where we all know it logically but
then we implement action
opposite. You have a difficult job
brother. You raise the consciousness of
people uh in the mind and you have a
great advocacy
leadership
role when we talk about mind because my
business brother the money man said it's
all in the
mind. I'm coming to
you. How do we transition the mind? It's
not about access. It's not about uh do
you know where to go. It's about us
making the conscious to subconscious
subconscious to conscious connection to
simply do it. How
I appreciate y'all. First, let me say
thank you as well to my brother uh
literal and figurative. Shout out to the
noobs in the room for creating this
space. Um also as an unapologetic
member, y'all simmer
down. Um, as an unapologetic member of
the Mama's Boys Club, I want to double
tap on honoring that there is nothing
that we have that's beautiful in this
world that doesn't come through black
women. So, I hope you'll hear my heart
when I say thank you. Um, including the
ability to sit here and do this. Um,
some of you met me when life was better,
when there were um, black people in the
house that black people built who we
knew loved other black people in our
country, including our democracy. Um, I
was leading a White House initiative on
educational excellence for
African-Americans. Um, we could go to
sleep with a sense of peace, that there
was not a fascist trying to rob us from
our wealth to make his friends wealthy.
Um, and we existed in community. Um, I'm
saying this to make plain that sometimes
we work too hard at things that we don't
need to. The the kindergarten teacher
and me wants us in this moment to do
three things. Three things. Y'all can
write them down. One is to own our
power. As has been said, there wouldn't
be a single thing in this country or any
other country if it weren't for us. We
curate cool. We are literally the
progenitors of everything. Black people
are alchemists. We take the things that
they give us to kill us and innovate
Renaissance style.
We don't need to be lulled by the
trappings of white mediocrity to drink
their water knowing that it's not
colder. We just need to reclaim this is
number two African ways of being.
In this moment, we should not be
distracted by the temptations of folks
like the failed history teacher turned
governor of Florida. His name is Ronald
Deion
DeSantis, who were passing bills to tell
us to stop being woke, don't say gay or
trans or the things, don't do the things
that black feminists say we need to do
because if we can name our conditions,
we can then begin to change them,
right? But but what black people know is
that as Brian Stevenson says, systems
work exactly as designed. These schools
were not built for our babies to know
who they are and whose they are. But no,
hold on. Hold on. Y'all going to miss
the
blessing. The challenge is that we have
abdicated the responsibility to ensure
our babies know who they are and whose
they are and given that job to white
folks. We didn't outsource that labor.
And so in this moment, while while some
of us are worried about where we going
to go get our outfits for
Easter, not necessarily thinking about
how we're going to build libraries with
books that they are
banning. I'm simply asking us to do that
which we know we can do. We can teach
our babies the story of Meshach,
Shadrach, and a bad
negro because they went through this
before. I told you Nebuchadnezzar is
just like Ronald Deion de Santis. They
think too much of themselves and ain't
done nothing to prove it. He said to
them black boys, "I need you to bow at
this statue or I'mma condemn you to this
fiery pit of hell and y'all going to be
in section 8. We fine. We find joy
wherever we
go." Those brothers when adults got
scared, when adults were like, "Look,
you can have this
job. You could have my woman."
brothers who didn't vote for bodily
autonomy and women to have decisions
over their bodies. You can have my
babies.
Those three young brothers was like,
"Uh, no, I'm
good." What they knew, and this is I
hope y'all get this. This is why I I am
thankful that God chose me to be an
educator to understand the teachings of
folks like Asa Hill, who said, "I've
never met a child in my life, a child
who is black, who is not a genius.
There's no secret to how we love them.
We first acknowledge them as human and
we support them with love. We have to
support each other with the kind of love
that says, "I have faith to know that
I'm going to commit to this boycott. I'm
going to commit to being in community
even in this moment when I don't trust
none of
y'all because I know it's necessary. I'm
going to have the kind of faith that
says I'm just going to walk.
I'm going to
believe. Some of y'all already know this
is not a David John's thing. This is a
Dr. Martin Luther King thing. He
preached this this sermon at Ebeneza
Baptist Church in '
63. Too often we walk in spaces where
where white people are responding to the
fact that the sky is falling for them
for the first time. If we just turn down
the white
noise, if if if we invite them, some of
my some of my colleagues brought her to
the room, Fanny Luhammer, if we remind
them, none of us are free, unless until
all of us are free.
Amen. If if we remind us that we don't
need nothing from white people.
We don't need nothing from white people.
They didn't even make potato
salad. Y'all stop giving out tickets to
the cookout. But all of this to say that
we have everything we need to ensure
that our babies are woke, that they are
critical thinkers, that they are
equipped to do the kind of work to wage
war with whiteness. And now here's the
last thing. What we should know is that
we are
winning that we are here having a
conversation with the congregation on
today. that we are all in spaces where
our purpose and passion
aligns is a reflection of the fact that
we're winning. If we were winning, they
wouldn't be spending as much money as
they are trying to keep us from being
able to get closer to freedom.
So, I'm asking us to do the work of
being in community, a principal
struggle. We don't have to agree on
everything, but we got to agree that all
black people need to be free. Now, when
I say black people, I want to be clear.
All skin folk ain't my kin folk. I'm not
talking about Kanye West. I'm not
talking about Amarosa. I'm not talking
about Candace Owens. They can go.
But if but if you purport to love the
God that I know,
then you got to love all of us. You got
to stand on the business of making sure
that we take care of each other. I don't
even know if I answered your question,
but that was what God placed on my
heart.
Love all of us. That's the point. You
change the mindset by loving on all of
us, right? Cuz here here, let me hurt
some of y'all feelings now that I done
got y'all on my side. Because here's how
this usually go. In this space, y'all
usually only want me and my gifts that
my God gave me to be singing in a choir
are performing a praise dance. Hello,
somebody. Now you're feeling to hurt,
right? Too often we only have a part of
the conversation, which is we always
hear again, my queerness is African.
There is nothing that exists that is not
African. So bu in chapter 13 of uh uh
spirit of intimacy wrote in my village
in West Africa the words lesbian and gay
did not exist but the word gatekeeper
did. I am a gatekeeper like Bard Rustin
is a gatekeeper. We wouldn't have civil
rights as we know it without Tama
Mallerie and By Rustin. But unless and
until we understand that we got to love
on one another. We got to take our stuff
to the pullpit and to a therapist.
We got to get out of the way of trying
to live through our children. If we
can't do that, then we can give all this
other stuff up cuz that's how we
actually get
free. That's all I got. Come on.
I told y'all the brother raises the
consciousness. God bless you, brother. I
have been told we are in our Q&A phase.
All right. How are we going to do this?
I want to make sure we have a got a mic
here. How many mics we got?
Move around. Okay. All right. Y'all want
them to raise the hands? Stand up. All
right.
All right. Hello. Thank you all for
being here. It's very exciting. I'm very
glad you're here. I'm Pamela Chance.
Been a member of New Birth since 92.
Today I'm excited because today I
launched in beta phase
spadeslife.com. Spadeslife, thank you.
Is a digital
marketplace for black people can
interact and and spend that $1.8
trillion together. So by black us is
wonderful, but you can't search for a
shirt or search for a nail or search for
a screw. And that's the difference. It's
shaped like Amazon. It's shaped like
Etsy and I'm very excited that it
launched today and we want to brother
Busby offer all of the thousands and
thousands of members of the US Black
Chamber like myself uh free membership
on the directory. Wow. So that everybody
is represented and everybody can be
searched. So just want to announce that
today.
My question is given where we are in
this environment, what is the best way
you feel to communicate
uh and redirect the dollars towards
ourselves? And I'm just curious what
each of you might have to say because
there's a lot of things out there, but
they're all really, really hard to get
to. So, what do you recommend? That's a
great question, and thank you for the
for that question. You know, after the
murder of George Floyd, we all got
together then and were saying the same
thing. What do we do as a community and
there was no place for us to go to find
black businesses, black banks, black
churches that we partnered with by black
uh to implement a program to be able to
find black businesses. During the murder
of George Floyd was the same time that
CO was going on. We lost 41% of all
blackowned businesses in this country
between the months of February and April
of 2020. And when we surveyed them, they
said it wasn't because they were in the
wrong business. It wasn't because they
had lack of information, lack of
capital. It was lack of information. And
so the US Black Chamber along with the
black media, black press said that we've
got to make sure that we give
information to our communities through
trusted sources that are reliable that
we have grown to know. And so that's why
the US Black Chamber acquired the
National Association of Blackowned
Broadcasters three years ago, which
represents 170 black radio stations and
black TV stations. in today's
conversations about information, social
media, but more importantly, the black
press has always been here to tell us
where to go, what to do, and more
importantly, the news that is changing
our communities and our companies going
forward. And so, I would tell people
there's no reason for us not to say now
that we don't know where to go or we
that don't we don't have the information
because it is available. On the front
page of all of our papers this week will
be the announcement that the boycott
continues all over the United
States. I would hope that everyone would
subscribe
uh to a black newspaper, a black owned
newspaper, subscribe uh to an economic
development program because the
consciousness that we need has to be
constantly fed. Yeah, you can come to
event and get that conscious and then go
lose it tomorrow because we're bombarded
with all the negativity. We're bombarded
with all of the uh disgust and
hopelessness. And you know um I I think
that
um tonight and tomorrow going forward,
we should be just more conscious about
how we can help one another as brothers
and sisters in the community. I think
that we can attain and gain a lot more
ground even during this period uh as we
turn to each other rather than turning
on each other. Amen. I I know we have a
lot of people. Okay? And I want to be
fair. Obviously 15 minutes uh is not
enough time, but we're going to be here.
So if your question cannot get uh
answered if you don't have the time to
do it in the line. I have a suggestion
would always be just let them ask their
question and then we in the end we'll
try to Yeah. We'll just stay here. All
right. So I'm going to go where? Right
here. Right here in the middle. We're
going to stay in the center. I'm bring
them over here. All right. State your
name. My name is Peyton Moore Willie
Moore Jr. I'm 16 inside high school. Yes
sir. Uh my question is I have a question
before my question. How many people are
16 here? What was the question? 16. How
many people are 16 years of age in here?
As you can see, I'm the only one inside
here who 16. Now, how do we ensure as
young people that we can push this
movement and also plant the seeds as
community that we keep
pushing? Because a lot of
times, a lot of times what I see on
social media, if I go on my social
media, all I'm going to see is
negativity, something else that's just
pushing the narrative of what the
government wants to see. What the
government wants to see is twerking,
drugs, weed, money, all this other
stuff. But we never push a narrative of
this. And as you can see, there's nobody
in high school inside here except for
me. How do we ensure as young people
that we as a community because the
community is not going to grow unless
like wait, let's do this because um
you're asking a question that you are
best positioned to answer. Um, so I
would love for you to tell us what we
need to do such that other people who
you know would want to be in this space.
Let's make this meaningful. If I had to
do a way to make sure that our
communities as young people gets to this
to build and grow so I can have more
people like us. It starts with me. I
have to share this with my friends,
right? We have to make sure on social
media because you know they want to keep
us down and obviously going to try to
keep this out the media. We have to make
sure on social media we can push his
narrative in a way that connects you on
people more than just people inside
here. So how do we learn to do that?
Well, first of all, we have to see how
they do that. A lot of times we took a
lot of things in business a lot of times
you take something for something else.
Like in podcast I learned other people
do a lot of their commercials and
different things the same way as you see
on other things because it's a lot of
connections out there. So if we want to
connect the young people, we got to
learn how they do it and push our
narrative. So I would start off with me.
I'll probably share it to my friends.
But we and the way we have to share is
we have to have a website of a social
media platform and a way we can
communicate in a way that we can make
this more than just me. Then we can go
viral. That's what I was saying. We go
viral and get hot. You know what I'm
saying?
Amen. All right. Thank you. That was
awesome.
Y'all can do better than that. He gave
y'all free game that people pay
consultants big money to tell them. And
y'all got businesses. Y'all better
implement that plan.
Sir, let's talk after this. That's
right. Um,
I'm sorry. Willie Moore Jr., man, I'm
going to give you a round of applause
for being a great dad,
brother. Thank you for your leadership.
Okay. Hello. My name is Pamela Booker.
Um, I am the founder of Coils by Nature
by Products was actually in Target
before DEI. Um I've been in business for
15 years and what I've seen is that how
can we build
infrastructure with
um the tariffs and everything that's
going on what happened with COVID as a
manufacturer of products it was hard for
us to get our resources I found out
everything is made in China and Mexico
even though it may be assembled here in
the United States the components are
made in Mexico. So with you all bringing
all of the businesses, you know, coming
buy black, buy black, it is amazing. But
we gonna run out. We need infrastructure
here in the United States to make our
jars, to make our plastic tops. We need
that here. So how can we build that
infrastructure here in the United
States?
That's open to any panelist. That's a
great question. You know, access to
capital is the number one issue for all
small businesses, but when you talk to a
black business owner like the sister
here, it's a one, two, and three.
Affordability, availability, and
accessibility. Go to
usblackchambers.org. We have grants
right now for manufacturing right now to
develop infrastructure. Although the
federal government has stopped, there
are other corporations that have stepped
in to make sure that we have the
manufacturing opportunities going
forward because right now today it is
very difficult. And I hear what you're
saying, but make sure you're going to
the usblackchambers.org to find out.
There's an organization company called
Lindustry that's blackowned, which is
the largest black lender in America
right now. Great rates and are
definitely l lending to black business
owners.
Thank you for that information. That's
light. Thank you, brother. State your
name in your question. My name is
Sherdon Reynolds. I am the CEO of She
Prints It here in Atlanta. Woo! Woo!
Okay, I got some friends in the
building. Um, I just wanted to first
thank Jamal Bryan so much for this
opportunity and also note that one of
the things that stands out to me is that
Proverbs 18:21 said, "There's power in
death in the tongue." Like life and
death in the tongue. and we talking
about how Target spoke that they're
going to do something for us and they
didn't stick to it, right? And so that's
brought death to their business. But I
want us to have a deeper conversation
about the power of the tongue in the
black community. Because as a blackowned
business in dealing with, like that
queen said, the tariffs, COVID, and all
the challenges we deal with, it's
challenging to have on top of that,
black people saying they don't want to
do business with black folks. black
people saying that we don't have the
right infrastructure or systems, but
we'll support a brand that had 20 years
to build something that we didn't have
the ability to do. So, what are we doing
intentionally? A to stop starting new
organizations and support the ones that
exist. You have organizations like buy
from a black woman, buy black, like
there's all these organizations that
already exist. A, can we stop starting
new ones and support the ones that exist
and give them a voice? And two, are we
going to have some closedd dooror, no
camera, real talk conversations on how
we move and change the power of our
tongue to speak power over black
businesses, not just with your dollars,
but with your voices because I can't see
how we grow and expand without that.
that. And I would just say the last
piece as talking about black businesses,
we can't just focus on uh supporting
black businesses that are retail
products. There are black businesses
that are service-based and that also
support other black businesses like my
company does. And if a black retail
brand, we all push to support them, but
then they don't take that dollar to then
do business with service-based black
businesses, we're breaking the cycle.
And we have to have a plan for all of
that. Thank you. ecosystem is what she's
talking about has been ecosystem.
There's this story that many of us have
heard and it goes a little something
like this. My greatgrandfather used to
always talk about white folk ice was
colder than ours. Like everything that
white people did was better than what we
did. Even their ice was colder. That was
the myth. But there was some truth to
that myth. Before we had refrigerators,
we used to have ice boxes. And if you've
heard me tell this story before, please
just indulge me. You see, before you had
a refrigerator, you used to get a block
of ice delivered to your house once a
week. And they'd place that block of ice
in what was called an ice box. And that
would keep your meats and milks and
vegetables fresh for seven days. Well,
my grandfather used to have an ice
delivery service. And one early Saturday
morning, I said, "Daddy, granddaddy, can
I ride with you? Can I ride with you?"
And he said, "All right." And we got up
early that Saturday morning, put all the
ice on the back of the truck. And first
thing we did was went to the white
communities and we take that block of
ice and we put it in our ice box and it
would last for seven days. We'd ride
around all day delivering to the white
communities and then by the time we got
to the black community, that ice sat on
the back of the truck all day long. So
now that ice melted down a little bit,
got chipped away a little bit. So by the
time it got into our ice boxes, it
literally only lasted for 5 and a half
days. So there was some truth to the
fact that white folk ice was colder than
ours. Cuz on Friday night, we would have
to go to the white establishments to get
a cold Coke or an ice drink. But because
of a black
man, we created the refrigeration.
So understand this.
I can get cubed
ice. I can get crushed ice. I can get
filtered ice. Hell, I can get, excuse
me, I can get colored ice cuz they're
Christians. And when we start thinking
about our businesses in the same vein,
we no longer have to be concerned about
what white folk are doing because our
ice is cold enough. Now guys, and when
we start looking at our businesses and
saying, "I don't need you to give me a
dollar product for 75 cents and then
complain because I'm not getting that 85
cents worth of service. We've got to
start paying our small businesses the
price." That is the price. They can no
longer afford to be able to create
manufacturing and grow their firms if we
keep discounting them. If we keep asking
for the brother hookup or the homeg girl
love.
We've got to start doing the same things
when we walk into their stores as we do
when we walk into these white stores. We
pay the price that's on the tag so that
they can continue to make the profits to
be able to grow their establishment.
Amen. On that note, round of applause
for our entire
panel. Round of applause to
you. Never forget you are creative
beings. The greatest thing that can
happen to a creator being is for them to
take away your
distractions and you are back into your
creative mind. Let's bring back to the
stage our dear brother and leader, Dr.
Jamal Bryant.
Come on. Would you give it up for these
brilliant
lights? They glow in the dark. Come on.
Clap for
him. Brother Rashad, come on. Give it
up. Brother Ron
Busby, senior statesman, Dr. Ben Chavis.
Super Bad Sister number one, Tama
Mallerie, the Honorable Dr. Nina
Turner, Dr. Step on Toes, David
[Music]
John's. We're so thankful. You may be
seated for just one moment. Just one
moment. I want to say uh just a couple
of things in route to our departure. Uh
first, are you glad you came out
tonight? I hope that
um hope that you are. uh those of you
who have not particularly for those of
you who are streaming I want to pause uh
and publicly appreciate Isaac Hayes III
and fan base uh for streaming us on a
blackowned
platform. I want to thank God our dear
brother and comrade Roland Martin who is
always in the
trenches. Those of you who have not done
so, it's a urgent imperative that you
would register at targetfast.org. org.
We need all of your contact information
uh because we're going to be sending out
eblast so that you will be updated as to
what is taking place. We're going to be
modifying the name of that website uh in
not too many uh days uh so that the full
boycott is encompassed in that. Uh I
want to uh say uh to you that we will be
uh announcing to you our national
organizing committee uh of those who
work in a civil rights space and
grassroots space uh for accountability.
Uh Tama always says for always be a
group in the meeting
uh to hold us accountable.